



Vivo energy

Agenda
Highlights
Lowlights
Milestones and Key status
Key Risks and Actions
Help needed
Governance structure


Highlights
Use Case1 – Plant creation
Process Definition Document – Received signoff. 
Solution Design Document – Completed and submitted for client approval on 21-Aug-19
Build & Test – Completed for all 22 steps.  Conducted 2 Play back sessions with Client team and received +Ve feedback.
    Third play back session is planned on 30-Sep-19. 


Highlights-contd
CR-1 - Data validator and solution manager integration scope has been added to have an E2E automation for the Plan creation process. 
Completed PDD and submitted to Client for sign-off on 09-Sep-19 
SDD has been completed and submitted on 18-Sep-19
New PM has been added to the UK team considering additional scope
India visit is under planning from IBM UK and Vivo side
Automated BOT will be taken to the wider audience at Vivo. Around 80 scenarios identified for automation pipeline


Lowlights
Use Case1 – Plant creation
Scope creep – Total number of screens has doubled from initial estimate, now complete
SDD client approval outstanding, Risk in last minute change to the solution
Data validator scope has been added. In solution stage, it was assumed that this would be taken care by VIVO team and they would provide the cleansed data in the form of Input template 
Received ITC validation change request on 11Sep19 with aggressive timeline

Lowlights-contd
Use Case2 – Site conversion
Solution Design Document – Kept on hold due to finalizing the UC1 E2E process workflow that are to be automated



Highlights
Use Case1 – Fx rate Lookup and entry in E1
Process Definition Document –finalized and  signed of PDD on EOD 11th October 2019
Proposed solutions shared regarding ZONE interaction with SharePoint Custom Activity, finalized.
BOT ID clarifications completed, finalization and credentials received
PDD final  review and feedback shared on 18th October, based on which PDD was revised
Solution Design Document – SDD and Solution Review done with Geo and Account team on 22 Oct 2019, Request for sign-off on 23 October 2019. Reminder sent on 25th October. Awaiting Sign Off.
Build & Test – 1st playback of POC done on 11Sep, received positive feedback, next playback on 03 October 2019- received very good feedback and finalization of approach using SharePoint Custom Activity 
Development and unit testing completed as per plan
Testing with Bot Ids got delayed due to access issues. First round  of testing with Bot ids on 25 October. More rounds of testing planed and executed  till 30th October 
UAT 2 rounds of testing with IT users  successfully done on 25th October.and 29th October. 3rd round of testing with Business Users successfully done  on 30th October with go ahead for production cutover on 01 November 2019
Pre-Cutover activities on 31st October and  Production Move on 01 November done successfully. 
Received appreciation from Client and Geo Team
Hypercare : Monitoring In Progress till 11 November 2019
CR:  Discussion on  in TAI_MonthlyUpdate process requirements revision and Enhancements to the TAI_UploadDailyUpdates process in progress


Highlights contd
Use Case2 – Standard Invoice entry Against Suspense Account
Process Definition Document – During solutioning the initial Usecase was “Month end job completion notification and output storage in secured network drive for review by business users”, however this Usecase was changed to “Standard Invoice  Entry”  at a later point as alternate Usecase
Received an initial recording of an alternate workflow on 13th September which the team went through and gave initial positive feedback on feasibility with comments that the end to end process needs some standardization of the process,  prior to taking up for RPA automation
Received First draft PDD with minimum details on 09 October 2019, 
Received revised  PDD on 18 October with some more details
Initial feedback shared with  tentative UAT completion date by 13 December . 
List of Clarifications on PDD shared on 05 November 2019 
Process walkthrough done on 06th November.
Revised PDD circulated on 08 November which will be sent for approval from Client

Solution Design Document – In Progress- targeted for review in week starting 11th November 
Build & Test – In Progress – target first playback on 15 November 2019
CR: Not applicable


Lowlights
UC1 New user requirements and new suggestions on the solution still in progress which  will be taken up as enhancements to the solution in Phase II


